#How I spend my free time

I don’t do a lot really during my free time. I spend most of my free time with my friends or brothers playing games on the PS and I used to play games on my phone and I enjoy playing PUBG , God Of War and Grand Turimso but I play a lot of others games and enjoy trying out new games. I used to draw but I only doodle now and I spend a lot of time listening to music. I don’t have a specific genre that I like because I like a lot of different kinds of music, and I enjoy the different kinds of feelings music brings out of you, the joy of discovering new music and new artists and also sharing music with the people I care about through play lists or just recommending songs to each other. I spend a lot of time watching tech reviews because some of the new tech that comes out really fascinates me and I just like technology and the various updates they make. I watch a ton of videos on electronics customization an d PC building and I’d Love to try and build a PC/ rig myself one day soon. I love cars too , so I spend quiet a bit of time on YouTube watching reviews about cars , watching videos of the various things people do to their cars and also just learning about how cars function or the history behind some of the biggest car brands in the world. I’d also love to learn how to fix minor issues in cars one day and also learn how to modify cars. I watch a bit of sport sometimes and I am a soccer fan and I sometimes play soccer with my friends even though I am not really a great soccer player.
